FME release note: Flag impression toggle (#9835)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-management-experimentation.md

These release notes describe recent changes to Harness Feature Management & Experimentation (FME).

#### Last updated: March 26, 2025

## March 2025
### 2025-03-26
#### Feature flag impression toggle

> The feature flag impression toggle allows you to streamline your generated impression volume, by switching flag impressions on/off per feature flag per environment.

Reviewer: The feature flag impression toggle allows you **more control over** your generated impression volume, by switching flag **impression tracking** on/off per feature flag per environment. **(This does not impact MTKs/billing.)**

> The feature flag impression toggle allows you more control over your generated impression volume, by switching flag impression tracking on/off per feature flag per environment. (This does not impact MTKs/billing.)

Author: I think it is okay as it is, but here is an alternative:

```suggestion
The feature flag impression toggle allows you more control over your generated impression volume, by switching flag impression tracking on/off per feature flag per environment.

This feature allows you to streamline impressions sent to third party integrations, but  does not impact FME Monthly Tracked Keys nor billing.
```

If you like this better, you can click below to Commit the change, Ani. 🙂 
Otherwise maybe we could go with what we have.

Reviewer: Looks great! Thank you
